4.3.0 grammar review stage 2 (#5020)
wazuh/wazuh-documentation: source/cloud-service/your-environment/manage-auth.rst

   #. Click **Create Role mapping** and complete the empty fields with the following parameters:
   
      - **Role mapping name**: Assign a name to the role mapping.

>       - **Roles**: Select the Wazuh roles you want to use to map the user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - **Roles**: Select the Wazuh roles that you want to map the user with.
```
